updating README for samples/tensorflow/accelerometer, and created a n… (#424)
TIBCOSoftware/flogo: samples/tensorflow/cnnUnitTest/README.md

# CNN model for unit test for Flogo inference activity

This directory contains what is needed to construct a CNN model for a unit test for the Flogo Inference Activity.  Specifically, the goal of this sample is to create a model to be used as:
1. A unit test for the Flogo Inference Activity
2. Sample of building and exporting a model into a format that can be used in Flogo's inference activity
3. An example for incorporating a model into a flogo app.
4. Solution to the toy problem: Given an array of size "size" containing a gaussian determine whether the maximum value is in the lower half of the array (value=0) or the upper half (value=1).

## Creating the model
### A) Creating Model with Jupyter notebook

> The [making_basic_cnn_model.ipynb](making_basic_cnn_model.ipynb) jupyter notebook works through the python and tensorflow to build the model.  For more detail please see the notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [making_basic_cnn_model.ipynb](making_basic_cnn_model.ipynb) Jupyter notebook works through python and TensorFlow to build the model.  For more detail please see the notebook.
```

```
$ pwd  
  TIBCOSoftware/flogo/samples/tensorflow/cnnUnitTest
$ cd SimpleCNNModel/154031266409/
$ zip -r Archive_simpleCNN.zip saved_model.pb variables/
  adding: saved_model.pb (deflated 85%)
  adding: variables/ (stored 0%)
  adding: variables/variables.data-00000-of-00001 (deflated 5%)
  adding: variables/variables.index (deflated 38%)
$ mv Archive_simpleCNN.zip ../../.
$ cd ../..
$ ls
  Archive_simpleCNN.zip		SimpleCNNModel			making_basic_cnn_model.ipynb
  README.md			SimpleCNNTextModel
```

### C) Using Model
This model can be used in two ways.

##### C1) Including in unit test

The first way to use this model is to use it as a unit test in the flogo-contrib repo [inference activity](https://github.com/TIBCOSoftware/flogo-contrib/blob/master/activity/inference/).  The [Archive_simpleCNN.zip](https://github.com/TIBCOSoftware/flogo-contrib/blob/master/activity/inference/Archive_simpleCNN.zip) file in that directory was generated using this example.  The inputs for the CNN model are included in the [activity_test.go](https://github.com/TIBCOSoftware/flogo-contrib/blob/master/activity/inference/activity_test.go) file starting on line 171.

##### C2) Building app

> To build a Flogo app including the inference activity you can either use the CLI tool (as done [here](https://github.com/TIBCOSoftware/flogo/tree/master/samples/tensorflow/helloworld)) or you can use the Flogo library in your own go code.  Since there is already an example of the CLI tools here we will build an app in our own go code.  The file [main.go](main.go) is commented to hopefully help with understand the code.  The one thing the go code does that might be confusing is that it converts an array of size 10 of float64s into a [][][][]float32, which is the tensor structure read in by the CNN model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a Flogo app including the inference activity you can either use the CLI tool (as done [here](https://github.com/TIBCOSoftware/flogo/tree/master/samples/tensorflow/helloworld)) or you can use the Flogo library in your own go code.  Since there is already an example using the CLI trigger, here we will build an app leveraging the Flogo Go API in our own Go package.  The file [main.go](main.go) is generously commented to aid in understanding.  The one thing the go code does that might be confusing is that it converts an array of size 10 of `float64`s into a `[][][][]float32`, which is the tensor structure read in by the CNN model.
```
